{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393\deflangfe16393{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs36 What is phentermine?\par
\b0\fs24 Phentermine is a stimulant similar to an amphetamine. It acts as an appetite suppressant by affecting the central nervous system.\par
Phentermine is used together with diet and exercise to treat obesity (overweight) in people with risk factors such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, or diabetes.\par
Phentermine may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.\par

\pard\widctlpar\s2\sb100\sa100\b\f1\fs36 Uses\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 {\cf1\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-4151/phentermine+oral/details" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 Phentermine}}}}\cf1\b0\f1\fs24  is used with a doctor-approved {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 exercise}}}}\f1\fs24 , behavior change, and reduced-calorie diet program to help you lose {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diet/healthy-weight-what-is-a-healthy-weight" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 weight}}}}\f1\fs24 . It is used by certain {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diet/am-i-obese" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 overweight}}}}\f1\fs24  people, such as those who are obese or have weight-related medical problems. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diet/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 Losing weight}}}}\f1\fs24  and keeping it off can lessen the many health risks that come with {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/video/obesity-risks" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 obesity}}}}\f1\fs24 , including {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 heart disease}}}}\f1\fs24 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diabetes/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 diabetes}}}}\f1\fs24 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-pressure/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 high blood pressure}}}}\f1\fs24 , and a shorter life.\par
It is not known how this {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/drugs/index-drugs.aspx" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 medication}}}}\f1\fs24  helps people to lose weight. It may work by decreasing your appetite, increasing the amount of energy used by your body, or by affecting certain parts of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/brain/picture-of-the-brain" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 brain}}}}\f1\fs24 . This medication is an {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/weight-loss-prescription-weight-loss-medicine" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 appetite suppressant}}}}\f1\fs24  and belongs to a class of drugs called sympathomimetic amines.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\sb40\sl252\slmult1\f2 How to use phentermine\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 Take this medication by {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/anatomy-of-the-mouth" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 mouth}}}}\f2\fs24  as directed by your doctor, usually once a day, 1 hour before {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/most-important-meal" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 breakfast}}}}\f2\fs24  or 1 to 2 hours after {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/parenting/raising-fit-kids/food/slideshow-not-boring-breakfasts" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 breakfast}}}}\f2\fs24 . If needed, your doctor may adjust your dose to take a small dose up to 3 times a day. Carefully follow your doctor's instructions. Taking this medication late in the day may cause {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 trouble sleeping}}}}\f2\fs24  ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/insomnia-symptoms-and-causes" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 insomnia}}}}\f2\fs24 ).\par
If you are using sustained-release capsules, the dose is usually taken once a day before breakfast or at least 10 to 14 hours before {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/parenting/childs-bedtime" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 bedtime}}}}\f2\fs24 . Swallow the medication whole. Do not crush or chew sustained-release capsules. Doing so can release all of the drug at once, increasing the risk of side effects.\par
If you are using the tablets made to dissolve in the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/ss/slideshow-mouth-problems" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 mouth}}}}\f2\fs24 , the dose is usually taken once a day in the morning, with or without food. First, dry your hands before handling the tablet. Place your dose on top of the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/picture-of-the-tongue" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 tongue}}}}\f2\fs24  until it dissolves, then swallow it with or without water.\par
The dosage is based on your medical condition and response to therapy. Your doctor will adjust the dose to find the best dose for you. Use this medication regularly and exactly as prescribed in order to get the most benefit from it. To help you remember, take it at the same time(s) each day.\par
This medication is usually taken for only a few weeks at a time. It should not be taken with other appetite suppressants (see also {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/interaction-checker/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 Drug Interactions}}}}\f2\fs24  section). The possibility of serious side effects increases with longer use of this medication and use of this drug along with certain other diet drugs.\par
This medication may cause withdrawal reactions, especially if it has been used regularly for a long time or in high doses. In such cases, withdrawal symptoms (such as {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/depression/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 depression}}}}\f2\fs24 , severe tiredness) may occur if you suddenly stop using this medication. To prevent withdrawal reactions, your doctor may reduce your dose gradually. Consult your doctor or pharmacist for more details, and report any withdrawal reactions right away.\par
Rarely, abnormal drug-seeking behavior ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/default.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 addiction}}}}\f2\fs24 ) is possible with this medication. Do not increase your dose, take it more frequently, or use it for a longer time than prescribed. Properly stop the medication when so directed.\par
This medication may stop working well after you have been taking it for a few weeks. Talk with your doctor if this medication stops working well. Do not increase the dose unless directed by your doctor. Your doctor may \cf0 direct you to stop taking this medication.\par

\pard\widctlpar\s2\sb100\sa100\b\fs36 Side Effects\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 {\cf1\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/first-aid/understanding-dizziness-basics" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 Dizziness}}}}\cf1\b0\f2\fs24 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/guide/dental-health-dry-mouth" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 dry mouth}}}}\f2\fs24 , difficulty sleeping, irritability, nausea, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/digestive-diseases-nausea-vomiting" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 vomiting}}}}\f2\fs24 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/digestive-diseases-diarrhea" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 diarrhea}}}}\f2\fs24 , or {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/digestive-diseases-constipation" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f0 constipation}}}}\f2\fs24  may occur. If these effects persist or worsen, notify your doctor or pharmacist promptly.\par
Remember that your doctor has prescribed this medication because he or she has judged that the benefit to you is greater than the risk of side effects. Many people using this medication do not have serious side effects.\par
This medication may raise your blood pressure. Check your blood pressure regularly and tell your doctor if the results are high.\par
Tell your doctor right away if any of these unlikely but serious side effects occur: fast/irregular/pounding heartbeat, mental/mood changes (e.g., agitation, uncontrolled anger, hallucinations, nervousness), uncontrolled muscle movements, change in sexual ability/interest.\par
Stop taking this medication and seek immediate medical attention if any of these rare but very serious side effects occur: severe headache, slurred speech, seizure, weakness on one side of the body, vision changes (e.g., blurred vision).\par
This drug may rarely cause serious (sometimes fatal) lung or heart problems (pulmonary hypertension, heart valve problems). The risk increases with longer use of this medication and use of this drug along with other appetite-suppressant drugs/herbal products. If you notice any of the following unlikely but very serious side effects, stop taking this medication and consult your doctor or pharmacist right away: chest pain, difficulty breathing with exercise, decreased ability to exercise, fainting, swelling of the legs/ankles/feet.\par
A very serious allergic reaction to this drug is rare. However, seek immediate medical attention if you notice any of the following symptoms of a serious allergic reaction: rash, itching/swelling (especially of the face/tongue/throat), severe dizziness, trouble breathing.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f1\fs22\par
}
 